Proposal to update the TSC terms (#4686)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/contribution/technical_steering_committee.md

Kedro is an incubating project within [LF AI & Data](https://lfaidata.foundation/).

The term "Technical Steering Committee" (TSC) describes the group of Kedro maintainers and committers ("contributors"). We list Kedro's [current](#current-maintainers) and [past](#past-maintainers) maintainers on this page.

The TSC is responsible for the project's future development; you can read about our duties in our [Technical Charter](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/blob/main/kedro_technical_charter.pdf). We accept new members into the TSC to fuel Kedro's continued development.

On this page we describe:

- [Responsibilities of a maintainer](#responsibilities-of-a-maintainer)
- [Requirements to become a maintainer](#requirements-to-become-a-maintainer)
- [Responsibilities of a committer](#responsibilities-of-a-committer)
- [Current maintainers](#current-maintainers)
- [Past maintainers](#past-maintainers)
- [Application process for maintainers](#application-process-for-maintainers)
- [Voting process](#voting-process)

## Responsibilities of a maintainer

> Maintainers are the voting members of the TSC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maintainers are the voting members of the TSC. Beyond contributing to regular development, they are responsible for longer-term and strategic decisions.
```
Maybe there's a better way to word this added responsibility.

Author: Since a list of responsibilities follows, I'll adjust this wording to make it clear that it's a summary of sorts.

## Requirements to become a maintainer

Just contributing does not make you a maintainer; you need to demonstrate commitment to Kedro's long-term success by
working with existing maintainers for at least one year.

> We look for commitment markers who can do at least some of the following:

Author: Yeah I don't even know what I wanted to say here, accepting this suggestion as is for now

- Write high-quality code and collaborate with the team and community

> - Make substantial improvements to our documentation, either in terms of content or information architecture

Reviewer: Committer responsibility

> - Bring awareness of industry trends to the team, connect the project to complementary initiatives, help steer the direction

Reviewer: Maintainer responsibility

Maybe reword to something like "Steer the direction of the project to ensure it retains relevance, including by bringing awareness of industry trends to the team and connecting the project to complementary initiatives"

(Don't have to take my wording, just trying to get my point across)

> - Give talks about the project at conferences and online events, write blog posts, or other forms of advocacy

Reviewer: Maintainer responsibility?

Could be either I guess

> - Improve the aesthetics and usability of the project, including its documentation, website, and user interfaces (graphical and textual)

Reviewer: Committer responsibility

> - Understand the project's code base and internals

Reviewer: Committer responsibility

> - Develop valuable plugins that complement the functionality of Kedro

Reviewer: Committer responsibility

> - Make pull requests from our backlog or roadmap; maintainers need to work towards a common goal

Reviewer: Committer responsibility

> - Learn how the team works, including processes for testing, quality standards and code review

Reviewer: Committer responsibility

> - Show evidence of already having started pull requests and code reviews under the guidance of maintainers; including asking

Reviewer: This is more a contributor -> committer thing

Author: Clarified in the new wording

  for help where needed

> - Show excitement about the future of Kedro

Reviewer: Maintainer responsibility? Would be nice in committers too :) But I think the commitment to the future is more critical for maintainers

Appointing new maintainers requires a vote of the TSC,
described in [Adding or removing maintainers](#adding-or-removing-maintainers).

## Responsibilities of a committer

> Committers are observer members of the TSC. They have the same responsibilities as maintainers, but no voting rights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Committers are observer (non-voting) members of the TSC. They are active contributors who are responsible for maintaining the health of the project, participating in planning and technical design decisions, and otherwise acting as part of the core Kedro development team.
```

Author: Accepting this as-is

[Vladimir Nikolic](https://github.com/vladimir-mck) and
[Zain Patel](https://github.com/mzjp2).

> ## Application process for maintainers

Author: Adapted this to avoid redundance with the "requirements to be a maintainer" above.
